{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17260\viewh15720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Anexis, 20, from NYC, goes to Howard\
\
Do you have a dermatologist?\
- No\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 What do you do if you have a skin issue?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - look it up on the internet\
- talk to my mother\
- if at school, I\'92d go to the student health center\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you have any moles or other skin conditions that have ever caused you concern?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - No\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Have you ever known someone with, or heard of Melanoma?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - No and no\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Where would you go to learn about Melanoma, skin cancer?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - the internet,\
- if I had a concern I\'92d want to speak to a professional because I\'92d have an opportunity to ask questions\
\
Does black crack?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you know about the risk factors of Melanoma, such as tanning, or over exposure to the sun?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - no but I\'92m familiar with the dangers of skin cancer and the importance of sun screen\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 How do you currently find out about Melanoma?\
- I just heard of it in this survey\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you think an educational app would be helpful?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - definitely, even if it\'92s not a brand new fresh app but an app that people already use as long as the information is on there. People are wary of downloading new apps.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 How do you currently keep track of skin changes?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - I like to look at myself in the mirror to see if there are any changes.\
- my hands get dry, so I look to see if there are any changes\
- if I feel something is off, I check to see if there are any changes\
- I would ask someone of their opinion.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you think it would be beneficial for you to use an app or imaging device to track changes?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes, especially if I have pre-existing concern. I\'92d probably constantly be on it to try to maintain my health\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Would it be helpful to you to have an app that provided you with a list of dermatologists that focused on your type of skin?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - Yes, especially if it\'92s in the same app if I can track myself and then reach out to professionals if need be\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you have anyone in your life who could help you do a skin check? Back of your head? Back?\
- Yes\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If so, what is there relationship?\cf4 \cb1 \
- I both have friends and family that I can trust\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf4 Is it okay to follow up with you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 - yes, anexisruiz@gmail.com}