{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red29\green29\blue29;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c14902\c14902\c14902;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13400\viewh15120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Derek	48\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Do you have a dermatologist?
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - no\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 What do you do if you have a skin issue?
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - my wife works for a hospital so her colleagues answer questions for me\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Do you have any moles or other skin conditions that have ever caused you concern?
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
- no\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Have you ever known someone with, or heard of Melanoma?
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - I know about it but don\'92t know anyone personally\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Where would you go to learn about Melanoma?
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - some of my medical professional friends, and webmd or mayo clinic\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Do you know about any risk factors of Melanoma, such as tanning, or over exposure to the sun?\
- no
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 How do you currently find out about Melanoma?
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - through the internet, webmd and medical friends\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 What do you think would be helpful for you to become more aware?
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - it would probably take someone close to me getting it\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 How do you currently keep track of skin changes?
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - mirror, and noticing things\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 What do you think would be beneficial for you to track changes?
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - not sure\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 How do you currently locate a dermatologist?
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - my wife\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 How would you prefer to locate a dermatologist?
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - my wife because she\'92s a professional in the field\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Do you have anyone in your life who could help you do a skin check? Back of your head? Back?
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - yes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \
If so, what is there relationship?
\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - my wife\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Is it okay to follow up with you?
\f0 \
yes, dlwimes@aol.com (email Derek information about Melanoma)}