{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16420\viewh15260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dr. Javier\
\
What percentage of your service are focused on melanoma patients?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - about 50% (studies pathology, and is on a tumor board, usually high for a dermatologist)\
- helps to manage about 4 million patients who some would have melanoma\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 What percentage of those melanoma patients are black?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - personally 0% in the last 5 years\
- with tumor board, <1% in the last 2 years\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 How do you acquire patients?\
- it\'92s a referral basis, either through primary care doctor or through another dermatologist\

\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Do these patients know about risk factors of melanoma? 
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - in my practice, about 2/3rds can identify risk factors\
- 1/3 can\'92t identify any\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 How do black patients, to your knowledge, currently find out about melanoma?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
- through a screening exam through their primary care doctor who discovers it via full body exam\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 What kinds of educational material do you provide this demographic?\
- someone with melanoma gets a pathology report, a survivorship care document, care team information, treatment protocol schedule, and prevention tips
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 How are patients currently treated \'96 dependent upon their stage / type?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - if localized, gets excision\
- if it\'92s a deeper melanoma, gets a lymph node sampling\
- if lymph node is positive, then further more larger treatments\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Is there a standard way for your patients to track progress?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - depends on stage\
- when it\'92s localized, not much to track, generally patients feel their skin and lymph nodes, self-checks\
- when metastatic, lesions are track via scans\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 How do patients currently keep track of skin changes? For example, my grandmother is part of a clinical trial that asks her to keep a written diary.\
- for patients that are at-risk, self-skin exam once a month when their fully undressed, say after the shower. becoming familiar with their skin, like learning the constellations in the sky. Pay attention to see if over time, they notice new spots.\
- some who are more savvy take pictures of moles and put little stickers with dates on them. They then accumulate a photo gallery.\
- some take them with polaroids and bring in a box.\
- about 10% of the patients bring in photos, <5% bring in multiple photos
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Are there any pain points in tracking your patient\'92s skin changes?\
- as long as the pictures are clear, and not fuzzy. If they can identify where the mole is because sometimes the photos are taken so close up that you can\'92t tell where the mole is. It\'92s better when the patients are state exactly where the mole is located on the body (upper left arm).\
- it\'92s painful when their bad photographs when their blurry and you can\'92t tell where their from but that\'92s not too often.
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 What would be helpful to you as a physician \'96 in tracking your patient\'92s skin changes?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
- using technology, an easier way to consolidate photographs to electronic charts so it\'92s in-sync and fluid. Right now it\'92s a little clunky because the photographic system we have is on a different server and you have to flip flop between systems. If the system was more unified and fast it would make it easier to track these things.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Have you ever heard of value-based care, or participate in any value-based care programs?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - I\'92ve heard it loosely thrown around. It applies to insurance providers that are outside of Kaiser. Kaiser is all-centered around value-based care.\
- The way the physicians practice, and the model, is not exactly the same as other insurance providers.\
}