{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17260\viewh15720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Earl	25\

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Do you have a dermatologist?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - no\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 What do you do if you have a skin issue?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - depends on what it is. If it\'92s eczema I put on creme, if it\'92s different I\'92ll google it.\
- lastly I go to the doctor\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you have any moles or other skin conditions that have ever caused you concern?\
- yes\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Have you ever known someone with, or heard of Melanoma?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - heard of Melanoma but nobody I know.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Where would you go to learn about Melanoma?\
- google it, then talk to a doctor, or someone I know\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you know about any risk factors of Melanoma, such as tanning, or over exposure to the sun?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - no\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 How do you currently find out about Melanoma?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - I don\'92t\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you think an educational app would be helpful?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - no not right now.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 How do you currently keep track of skin changes?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - when I notice something different, but nothing regular\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you think it would be beneficial for you to use an app or imaging device to track changes?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes because I feel like it\'92s a no brainer. It\'92s something you can take a picture of and then identify. It would be useful.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Would it be helpful to you to have an app that provided you with a list of dermatologists that focused on your type of skin?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes because it\'92s like a greenback. People who would know your skin.\
\
How would you find this app?\
- through a skin care commercial on youtube\
- an ad on services that people need it the most use, like twitter because it\'92s made for reading. Facebook. Maybe Instagram but those ads are easy to ignore.\
- audio ad on Pandora, music streaming apps, some games\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you have anyone in your life who could help you do a skin check? Back of your head? Back?\
- yes\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If so, what is there relationship?\cf4 \cb1 \
- my mom\
\
Is it okay to follow up with you?\
- yes, earlshine@gmail.com (email Earl the full research paper).\
}