{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17260\viewh15720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Eola		39\

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Do you have a dermatologist?\
- no\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 What do you do if you have a skin issue?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - google how to take care of it\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you have any moles or other skin conditions that have ever caused you concern?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - sure\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Have you ever known someone with, or heard of Melanoma?\cf4 \cb1 \
- heard of it. It\'92s skin cancer. I think I met a classmate. White woman at 29 years old.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Where would you go to learn about Melanoma?\
- online, american cancer association or something like that\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you know about any risk factors of Melanoma, such as tanning, or over exposure to the sun?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes, some, sun exposures\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 How do you currently find out about Melanoma?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - someone would bring it up to me, word of mouth\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you think an educational app would be helpful?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes for accessibility, ease of use. But if it\'92s just another thing to add I might not do it. But if it communicated with apps I use, I would use it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 How do you currently keep track of skin changes?\
- Primary Care Physician	 and Aesthetician. They assess my skin and provide recommendations. I\'92m always buy skin care products and if it works for me I\'92m an advocate.\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you think it would be beneficial for you to use an app or imaging device to track changes?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes especially at my age. I\'92m moving into different territory.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Would it be helpful to you to have an app that provided you with a list of dermatologists that focused on your type of skin?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes in terms of being a black woman there is some uniqueness to my skin that is important in a dermatologist to me. I would actively seek that out.\
\
How would you find this app?\
- would have to pop up, or someone would have to tell me about it. I don\'92t look for apps.s\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you have anyone in your life who could help you do a skin check? Back of your head? Back?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - sure\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If so, what is there relationship?\
- sister, friend, mom, children\cf4 \cb1 \
\
Is it okay to follow up with you?\
yes, eolal.dance@gmail.com\
}