{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red29\green29\blue29;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c14902\c14902\c14902;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Faida 41
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 Do you have a dermatologist?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - no\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 What do you do if you have a skin issue?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - go to my regular doctor\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 Do you have any moles or other skin conditions that have ever caused you concern?\
- not from a cancer perspective
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 Have you ever known someone with, or heard of Melanoma?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - heard of it and have known some white people.\
- One white man, around 40\
- One white woman, around 50\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 Where would you go to learn about Melanoma?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - google search, webmd\
- if something of immediate concern, a dermatologist\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 Do you know about any risk factors of Melanoma, such as tanning, or over exposure to the sun?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - yes, somewhat\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 How do you currently find out about Melanoma?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - stuff I\'92ve seen on the news, I\'92ve heard the myth of black people can\'92t get skin cancer and I\'92ve learn that that is not true\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 What do you think would be helpful for you to become more aware?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - If my doctor told me a little more about it that would be beneficial.\
- Never had a doctor broach the subject, had to learn it through the news media\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 How do you currently keep track of skin changes?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - general observation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 What do you think would be beneficial for you to track changes?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - something similar to what\'92s been published to checking for lumps in the breast for breast cancer, to do it on a monthly basis.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 How do you currently locate a dermatologist?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - google it or ask a friend for a referral because that\'92s my practice when it comes to doctors.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 How would you prefer to locate a dermatologist?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - I\'92d rather talk to a friend who is happy with their doctor because it gives me a reference and makes me comfortable and convinced that I\'92ll have a good experience.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 Do you have anyone in your life who could help you do a skin check? Back of your head? Back?\
- yes
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 If so, what is there relationship?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - my husband\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 Is it okay to follow up with you?
\f1 \
- yes, faidamitchell@yahoo.com\
}