{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red29\green29\blue29;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c14902\c14902\c14902;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Jalila		45
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 Do you have a dermatologist?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - no\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 What do you do if you have a skin issue?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - olive oil on it or castor oil\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 Do you have any moles or other skin conditions that have ever caused you concern?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - moles but they don\'92t call me concern, some sunburn\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 Have you ever known someone with, or heard of Melanoma?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - yes I knew someone. Black man, late 20s, living in the .U.S. from the Antiqua\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 Where would you go to learn about Melanoma?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - I don\'92t know, the internet, google it\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 Do you know about any risk factors of Melanoma, such as tanning, or over exposure to the sun?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - no\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 How do you currently find out about Melanoma?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - through my friend who had it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 What do you think would be helpful for you to become more aware?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - if the doctor could better educate me, maybe through skin care stores, like MAC and Sephora.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 How do you currently keep track of skin changes?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - mirror, mental notes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 What do you think would be beneficial for you to track changes?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - one source of information on how my skin would react to certain oils\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 How do you currently locate a dermatologist?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - I don\'92t\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 How would you prefer to locate a dermatologist?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 - through my healthcare provider\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 Do you have anyone in your life who could help you do a skin check? Back of your head? Back?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf3 - yes\
If so, what is there relationship?
\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
- my husband\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 Is it okay to follow up with you?
\f1 \
- yes, jalila.smith@gmail.com (send Jalila information on Melanoma, all the articles and research)\
}