{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17260\viewh15720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Nia	28\
\
Do you have a dermatologist?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - No\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 What do you do if you have a skin issue?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - I figure out what I ate and try not to eat it again\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you have any moles or other skin conditions that have ever caused you concern?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Have you ever heard of Melanoma?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - I think I have. I think it\'92s a genetic thing. Sounds like Melatonin.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Have you ever known someone with Melanoma?\
- no\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Where would you go to learn about Melanoma?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - I\'92d go to the internet, google\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you know about the risk factors of Melanoma, such as tanning, or over exposure to the sun?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - no\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 How do you currently find out about Melanoma?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - I\'92m not searching for it. Depending on the type I\'92d talk to a person that I know I could trust. A doctor, perhaps.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you think an educational app would be helpful?\
- yes\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 How do you currently keep track of skin changes?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - by being healthy\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you think it would be beneficial for you to use an app or imaging device to track changes?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - no, I\'92d prefer to use my eyes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Would it be helpful to you to have an app that provided you with a list of dermatologists that focused on your type of skin?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - no I wouldn\'92t dare use it. Due to personal beliefs I wouldn\'92t consult a dermatologist.\
\
How would you find this app?\
- through the app store, if I were looking for it. iPhone app store.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you have anyone in your life who could help you do a skin check? Back of your head? Back?\
- yes\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If so, what is there relationship?\cf4 \cb1 \
- friend, family\
\
Is it okay to follow up with you?\
- no}