{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17260\viewh15720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Cedric	31\
\
Do you have a dermatologist?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes but only been once\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 What do you do if you have a skin issue?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - usually I resort to home remedies\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you have any moles or other skin conditions that have ever caused you concern?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - no\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Have you ever heard of Melanoma?\
- yes, only from commercials, nothing that I actively investigate\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Have you ever known someone with Melanoma?\
- no\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Where would you go to learn about Melanoma?\
- I got webmd, and another one that comes up from a basic google search. I think, healthline\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you know about the risk factors of Melanoma, such as tanning, or over exposure to the sun?\
- no\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 How do you currently find out about Melanoma?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - I\'92d go to webmd or other respectable scholarly sources like the NIH or other peer-reviewed articles.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you think an educational app would be helpful?\
- I don\'92t think an app would be as beneficial as youtube. People search youtube much more fervently. If someone goes on youtube and types, \'93#melanoma\'94 is much easier for people to do than to go to an app store and download an app, something they probably wouldn\'92t do.\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 How do you currently keep track of skin changes?\
- just visuals, watch, if you see something out of the ordinary then I track it for about a week or so. I\'92ll then go to the dermatologist as a follow-up consultation to confirm it\'92s gone or not.\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you think it would be beneficial for you to use an app or imaging device to track changes?\
- no, because when you get into apps you get into privacy concerns. So when you\'92re talking about physical changes people are less inclined to use an app.\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Would it be helpful to you to have an app that provided you with a list of dermatologists that focused on your type of skin?\
- no, because I\'92m not an app person\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
How would you find this app?\
- if I did search, then I\'92d use the google play store\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you have anyone in your life who could help you do a skin check? Back of your head? Back?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If so, what is there relationship?\cf4 \cb1 \
- family and friends\
\
Is it okay to follow up with you?\
- yes, cedric.harriott@gmail.com\
\
}