{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18440\viewh16020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dr. Candrice\
\
Where is your practice located?\
\
What percentage of your service is focused on melanoma patients?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - for people who have it, about <5% of patients have it or a history\
- for time screening for it, 25%\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 What percentage of those patients are black?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - about 25%\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 How do you acquire patients?\

\f1 \cf4 \cb1 1 - by internal referral through other doctors who work in the Temple Health Center\
2 - word of mouth\
3 - some find me through social media and blog\
4 - through insurance (but this a small percentage)\
\

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Do these patients know about risk factors of melanoma? 
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 yes and no\
caucasian patients understand the abcde\'92s even if they don\'92t know that\'92s what it\'92s called\
black patients are not familiar with that at all\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 How do black patients, to your knowledge, currently find out about melanoma?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - through the media\
- many don\'92t think it can happen to them\
- someone on tv like Jimmy Carter, or John McCain, etc\'85\
- usually not presented to them through their primary care physician\
- usually someone who is knowledge is 1 degree away from someone who has had melanoma\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 What kinds of educational material do you provide this demographic?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf4 \cb1 - patient education sheet, or brochure about moles but it\'92s hard because the brochures aren\'92t focused on black skin\
- I\'92ve created education materials focused specifically on black skin for primary care physicians\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 #How are patients currently treated \'96 dependent upon their stage / type?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Is there a standard way for your patients to track progress?\

\f1 \cf4 \cb1 - not a standard way but I take pictures of them in the office.\
- Sometimes they take photos of themselves in between visits.\
- there are also centers around the country that take photos of moles. I recommend this medical imaging for people who are molely and have a history of melanoma. This gives me high quality images. It allows me to monitor the abcde\'92s.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - I advise my patients to go to a plastic nevus clinic for actual people to look over the patient, manually. This along with the medical images helps greatly.\
- So yes, it can be on a basic level of me or my patient, all the way up to an advanced level where a center and professional can take pictures and review in person.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 How do patients currently keep track of skin changes? For example, I know someone whose grandmother is part of a clinical trial that asks her to keep a written diary.\
- it would be great to have some kind of app that reminded people on a monthly basis to take their acne medication, or monthly skin checks, etc\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Are there any pain points in tracking your patient\'92s skin changes?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - the resolution of the photos can be really bad. Their is a risk of them not being crisp. For crisp photos, it\'92s very cumbersome to load the patient photos into the medical record system.\
- and it takes time to get crisp photos. And time hurts the treatment of the disease. There\'92s not easy access to great photos that would work seamlessly in our workflow.\
- Especially with dermatoscope. It\'92s hard to use the camera because you hold it with one hand, and the angles, positioning, etc make it challenging. And there is an iPad app that is synced to the emr data but it\'92s not connected to the dermatoscope.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 What would be helpful to you as a physician \'96 in tracking your patient\'92s skin changes?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - better integration of photography, seemlessly.\
- a way for patients to take pictures on their cell phone and then those photos be easily accessed by me digitally. Email and Firewalls make it extremely difficult for patients to transfer photos at the moment. There is Epic that allows patients to upload photos but Epic is extremely cumbersome. Also, when patients upload images you as a dermatologist tends to have to sift through 10 extra hours that you don\'92t get paid for just to separate the signals from the noise.\
- patients usually use their medicine once for two-weeks after they see you and then again right before their next visit. It would be good to have an automated reminder that can help to remind the patient throughout the treatment process. If they here from me they\'92re more likely use their medicine.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Have you ever heard of value-based care, or participate in any value-based care programs?
\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \
- I\'92ve heard of it. When I was in private-practice, we participated in a program provided by Medicare.\
- There are hospital based initiatives around heart-failure. To prevent all these hospitalizations for heart failure, there is now a protocol to deliver all of the patient medicine next to their bedside. If the doctor doesn\'92t they get financially penalized.\
- fyi, value-based care is like no-child left behind\
\
Dr. Candrice has students who are itching to do research and write papers that is skin related. They want to be future dermatologists.}