{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17260\viewh15720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Melvin		31\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Do you have a dermatologist?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - no\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 What do you do if you have a skin issue?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - ask my wife to look at it\
- google it to see what can be done about it\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you have any moles or other skin conditions that have ever caused you concern?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - no\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Have you ever known someone with, or heard of Melanoma?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - I am aware of it but don\'92t know anyone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Where would you go to learn about Melanoma?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - I\'92d google it, then make sure that the source I find is reputable.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you know about any risk factors of Melanoma, such as tanning, or over exposure to the sun?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes, somewhat\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 How do you currently find out about Melanoma?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - google it, and make sure it\'92s a reputable source. I\'92d also ask my wife.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you think an educational app would be helpful?\
- yes, specifically leading into the summertime. I\'92d have a lot of questions because I have kids. Maybe it\'92s linked with the weather for that day.\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 How do you currently keep track of skin changes?\
- I don\'92t. If something comes up I\'92ll notice it.\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you think it would be beneficial for you to use an app or imaging device to track changes?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes that would be helpful. There seems to be a lot of apps helpful for people who track things. Like if you were on vacation you could take pictures throughout it to see if you notice any differences.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Would it be helpful to you to have an app that provided you with a list of dermatologists that focused on your type of skin?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes, I\'92ve heard that melanin gives me more protection but I\'92ve also heard that that is wrong so it would be nice to have a dermatologist that focuses on black people.\
\
How would you find this app?\
- word of mouth, or through a targeted ad\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Do you have anyone in your life who could help you do a skin check? Back of your head? Back?\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 - yes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If so, what is there relationship?\cf4 \cb1 \
- my wife\
\
Is it okay to follow up with you?\
yes, mrrmgraham@gmail.com\
}